episode 1 (#60)
carpentries-incubator/managing-computational-projects: _episodes/01-introduction.md

>The terms “biomedical data science” and “biomedical data scientist” [...] connote activities associated with the creation and application of methods to new and large sources of biological and medical data aimed at converting them into useful information and knowledge. 
>They also connote technical activities that are data-intensive and require special skills in managing the large, noisy, and complex data typical of biology and medicine. 
>They may also imply the application of these technologies in domains where their collaborators previously have not needed data-intensive computational approaches. 
>
> -- **Russ B. Altman and Michael Levitt** (2018). [Annual Review of Biomedical Data Science](https://www.annualreviews.org/doi/full/10.1146/annurev-bd-01-041718-100001)

In contrast to the definition above (and as will be explained in the next chapter), we think research which is not data intensive would also gain in applying data science principles.

> However, to ensure that data science approaches are appropriately applied in domain research, such as in biosciences, there is a need to also engage and educate scientific group leaders and researchers in project leadership roles on best practices.

Author: ```suggestion
This training material gives a particular emphasis on building project leadershiping skills, as we think it will be critical for the adoption of new approaches in research.
This part of the training is aimed both at 
 scientific group leaders and researchers (that is future leaders).
```

Author: @malvikasharan is that what you meant here ?

> As pictured below, researcher comes to data science to apply computer intensive and pioneering data analyses approaches to their research questions.
> As pictured below, in order to apply these tools, researcher first need to understand and apply the building blocks of data science, especially research data management, collaborative working and project management.

Author: ```suggestion

```
